## Anne Meyer
#### 	My primary role in this project was to act as a project manager. In this role, I focused on keeping the group organized and tracking due dates. I produced schedules and ensured that we were on track to completing our goals. I was largely responsible for ensuring that all of our assignments met all requirements and were updated accordingly throughout the term. I was able to largely build on my time management, organization, and communication skills. I find these tools to be invaluable for my future career as they are difficult to teach in a classroom setting.
#### My secondary role was to help focus on the software aspects. In this role, I worked closely alongside Jake to implement the software. We found an open source version of Pong that we could modify to fit our needs. We worked with each other to modify the code and create and run tests. Our biggest obstacle was working with someone else’s code and understanding what is happening. Working through this obstacle gave us the skills to not only troubleshoot, but to dissect another programmers code without being able to ask questions or interact with the developer.

## Jake Sebald
#### My contribution was the software and programming aspects. I modified the open source Pong code to work correctly and interact with our equipment. I was also involved in the testing phases for both the software and hardware parts. I was able to build on my previous programming skills, including Python. I branched out and learned more about programming with a Raspberry Pi also.
#### One obstacle that I encountered was finding an open source game that was simple enough for the birds but worked well enough to implement. The software that I found required some effort to get it working fully, but the game itself is a great fit for our system because it can be used to test the bird’s memory, agility, and intelligence. These are just a few areas that we will be able to learn about the Kea with this game.

## Joe Leanza
#### My individual contribution to the project is the design of the console, construction of the console, and debugging issues between hardware and software. Construction of the console involved measuring, cutting, and adhering pieces of wood and plexiglass. I could get better at those aspects but didn’t grow much in those areas. I also didn’t grow much regarding hardware and software communication because I have previous experience using the microprocessors.
#### Unlike the construction of the console and hardware/ software interaction, design is an area that I wasn’t exposed to much previously. So, I was able to develop that skill with multiple cad software like Tinkercad, and Sketchup. In the initial assessment, I wanted to learn how to make models for 3D printing. I was able to develop that skill a bit and created a few models before realizing that the cost of 3D printing far surpassed our budget. 

## Zach Allison
#### My contribution to the project was the electrical hardware. With my knowledge gained from course work and co-ops, I was able use these skills to determine the correct hardware needed. I participated in creating the electrical schematic and making sure that the wiring to the Raspberry Pi was correct. The electrical schematic was a detailed design that provide information of what voltage was required for each component. Having this design, I allowed me to be successful when putting the project together. With the project together visitors at the zoo and the Kea birds could interact with each other.
#### My biggest obstacle was being able to stay on budget. I was responsible for ordering the correct components that was compatible with the system. I had to make sure that the components ordered not only worked with the system but was also safe for the users and Kea. The system was designed at low voltage so that there was less risk for the zoo staff if they had to change a part. The issue that came about using a low voltage is that components became more expensive. One example is the water-resistant buttons. The buttons had to be safe for the Kea to use but also be resistant to the weather.
