### Anne Meyer
### Capstone Assessment

The Interactive Kea project is about building a system that will help the zookeepers in Cincinnati research the intelligence of the Kea birds. The project requires a great amount of creative thinking to devise a system that is safe for the birds, interactive/stimulating for the guests and birds, and hopefully can provide some data on the birds as well. The system will require a focus on the hardware phase that safe and strong enough so that the birds can not destroy it. That phase will be mostly focused on by the Electrical and Computer Engineers in our group. The software of the system will need to take an input from the zoo guests, and also record an input from the Kea. It may be a game, pattern, or event to complete. It should also be capable of recording data such as whether they struggle on certain objectives, which birds are more interested, and then we will try and process that data in a meaningful way. This phase will mostly be focused on by me and Jake, as we are the Computer Science majors.

The Computer Science coursework has provided me with knowledge from the basics of object-oriented programming to complex algorithms and data structures. Computer Science I and Intro to Computer Systems taught me how to utilize object-oriented programming in C++, while Python Programming taught me how to utilize a different language to apply the same knowledge. These courses taught me more than just languages and theories, but rather, how to think critically and apply the knowledge I already have in any situation. My coursework has provided me with a strong foundation to develop in various languages and situations. My teammates have had more coursework in the hardware side of computing, which will benefit our group when we design and build the system itself. Our collective knowledge should allow us to cover all parts of this project, or to develop and stretch our knowledge to cover everything.

I completed three co-ops at Lubrizol where I was a Research and Development co-op, Health Safety and Environment co-op, and a Telecommunications co-op. On my first three co-ops, I gained knowledge in software development and testing. I also had to ability to establish my professional communication skills. I plan to apply my knowledge from Lubrizol to develop the interactive game for the Kea and ensure that it is working properly. I also had two co-ops at Marathon Petroleum where I supported Supply Chain and also worked as a co-op for the IT Infrastructure audit team. My most recent two co-ops, at Marathon, had a focus on improving my data analytics skills, technical writing, and critical thinking. I will apply the Marathon knowledge to record the knowledge throughout our project and to process the data that we gather into something meaningful. The combined knowledge from my five co-ops and my coursework will give me a foundation for contributing to this project.

When I was younger, I actually had a pet parakeet that was fairly smart. I’m really interested in learning what the Kea birds are capable of and whether or not we can teach them something new. To begin our project, we will need to visit the birds in the zoo to learn more about them. Once we understand what type of things they can respond to, such as sound, light or colors, then we can begin to design a game for them where a guest provides an input and the birds send a reply back. We will start with a basic I/O type system, that can safely dispense a reward when correctly completed. Once we achieve this stage, we will be able to incorporate more challenging pieces such as including RFID tracking from the birds to record data, programmable games (by the zookeepers), and processing some data analytics to hopefully learn something new from the birds. 

We are expecting to develop a system that allows guests to interact with the Kea, records the data to be processed later, and, most of all, is safe for the birds. We will work closely alongside Katie, our contact at the Cincinnati Zoo, to ensure that the birds have no issues with our system. Katie can help us with interpreting meaning from the data that we collect through our system. She can also help us determine what is safe or not for the birds. Our project has a fairly open-ended end point. By that, I mean that once we have those three points previously mentioned, we could be potentially done with the project. Those three points will be our main goal for the project; however, we would have already been throwing around other ideas that we would like to include as well, time permitting. 
