 #### This project is about developing a computer game for the Kea, a type of bird at the Cincinnati Zoo. The Kea birds are very intelligent birds so this project is about seeing what they can do. We are challenged to design games that are playable by both the birds and the Zoo guests. The games should be reprogrammable by the zookeepers, to keep things interesting and challenging for the birds and guests. Our project will include both software and hardware aspects. It will incorporate a lot of the knowledge that we have gained from our coursework and co-ops.

#### The CS curriculum has given us a lot of knowledge throughout our five years. Starting back freshman year with CS 1001, this class taught us the basics of both object-oriented programming and C++. For this project, this most likely will be written in C++ so that it can be directly programmed on the hardware. Using the techniques, we have learned in all our courses, including data structures, I will be able to build more advanced data structures for the games. I will also apply the knowledge from my minor, Business Analytics, to the data analytics portion of this project. These skills will be beneficial for not only this project, but also my career.

#### I have done five co-ops throughout my college career. My first co-op was for Vantiv, a credit card processing company that taught me about databases and how to work with an Agile team. I also learned about end-to-end testing, which will be beneficial to ensure our project is working as needed. My other four co-ops were done at Marathon and taught me a variety of skills including data analytics, assorted programming languages, and Waterfall programming. I will apply the knowledge that I gained at Marathon to our project because I can work in almost any environment after being on four different teams, supporting a variety of areas. While I was at Marathon, I learned that I really enjoy working in Software Development and solving problems.

#### I am excited to be a part of this project because I am interested in collecting data and learning new skills.  In order to collect and analyze the data, we will have to successfully create a game and teach the birds to interact with it first.  Our plan to do this is to visit the Zoo and learn about the birds from Katie, the zoo contact. Once we know more about the birds, we will build a simple game that encourages the birds to play by rewarding them with something. We will have to design something that is safe and strong, because the birds are very smart and are known for taking things apart. We do not want to harm the birds, so it is important that we focus on the design aspect of this project.

#### We hope to develop a game that is fun for both the Zoo guests and the Kea birds. Our game should allow the zoo to gather data and learn more about the birds. We will know that the machine is safe, when Katie approves our device that we build. Safety of the birds is our biggest priority in this project. Once we accomplish safety, then we want to ensure that the game is programmable by the zookeepers so that they can continue to entertain the birds and gather data. Overall, we are excited to work together on this project and provide the zoo with something both interactive and informative towards the Kea birds.
